Locations | University of Texas El Paso Locations 12:00 AM 6:00 AM 12:00 PM 6:00 PM 12:00 AM 12:47 AM Date Date Categories Retail Dining Student Union Building El Paso Natural GCC Dining Hall Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Einstein Bros. Bagels Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Einsteins Bagels Bros Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Miner Stop Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Chick-fil-A Special Hours Hours and Services Chick-Fil-A Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Pick N' Shovel Special Hours Hours and Services Pick 'N' Shovel Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Panera Bread Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Pick N Go Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Café a la Cart Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Orange and Brew Special Hours Hours and Services Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Tech Café Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Mein Bowl Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed El Sazon Minero Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day El Sazon Minero Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Pizza Hut Express Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Pizza Hut Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Jamba Juice Special Hours Hours and Services Jamba Juice Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Hissho Sushi Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Starbucks Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Starbucks Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Sandella's Special Hours Summer Break: Closed All Day Sandella's Catering Menu → Status: closed. Service hours: More information available. Closed Texas Western Cafe Special Hours Hours and Services We respect your privacy By clicking on "Accept all cookies", you consent to the installation of cookies by our Site and by third parties (list available on Cookie Settings Link) on your device for the purpose of improving the performance of our Site, your experience and offering you personalized information about our services. You are free to change your mind at any time by going to "Cookie Settings" or to refuse by clicking "essential cookies" them without consequence on your access to the site. For more information and to know everything about the consequences of your choices you can consult the Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Essential Cookies Accept All Cookies Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Always Active Strictly necessary cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms (e.g., to register to events or to provide feedbacks). These cookies enhance functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. View Vendor Details Audience Measurement Audience Measurement Inactive Audience measurement cookies, which include analytics technologies, help us with the performance and design of Our Site. This function allows us to measure how many times a page has been visited, to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site to improve your experience on Our Site. The information collected by these cookies could be aggregated. If you do not accept (or withdraw your consent) these cookies, we will have no knowledge to improve Our Site. View Vendor Details Functional Functional Inactive Functional cookies help us to remember the settings which you have selected or assist with other functionality when you browse and use Our Site. This helps us to remember your preferences when you return to Our Site. These cookies enhance functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. View Vendor Details Targeting Targeting Inactive Targeting cookies are installed on Our Site by our advertising partners to present advertisements that are relevant to you and better reflect your interests. These cookies uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience our targeted advertising across different websites. These cookies collect information relating to the origin of your visit, where you were exposed to Sodexo advertising, what advertising feature you saw, whether you arrived directly or indirectly to Our Site, the device you used to visit Our Site and which downloads you performed. In addition, we also utilize cookies on certain pages of Our Site to communicate with third party data suppliers to extrapolate your digital behaviour. This help us to understand and target more relevant advertising in the future. The information we receive could be aggregated and will include statistics such as demographics, online behaviour, product interests and lifestyle. View Vendor Details Back Button Vendors List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices